Run fast run fast
Okay, you can run the slowest.
Run faster!
Is it a big burden?
Why does the boss have to train on the beach?
Then find an ordinary place
Can I exercise differently?
Sand has twice the resistance of regular ground.
Cut SM people multi-eyed
Hurry up and run, or I won't have you to eat tonight
Ouch hum
boss
SM Park recently heard that a girl went missing
It's panicking, I've heard
I heard that he went out to buy something and did not return to the dormitory.
SN Park has always been a place of lawlessness
We have to protect ourselves.
OK
Boss, can this work?
It's too revealing
If you don't go, who will?
You are the best shape we have here, okay?
With great power comes great responsibility
I would do anything for those innocent girls
Mmm bliss
You must protect yourself.
Yeah, it's okay.
Aren't you there?